Setup: facilitate the landing for newcomers (#1626)
arrow-kt/arrow: README.md

- [#Arrow on Kotlin Slack](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/)
- [Arrow on Gitter](https://gitter.im/arrow-kt/Lobby)

# Setup

> Take a look at [Setup in the Arrow website](https://arrow-kt.io/docs/quickstart/setup/) or [Setup file](https://github.com/arrow-kt/arrow/tree/master/modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/quickstart/setup).

Reviewer: I would keep a tl;dr version of the setup here, just a couple of lines here.

Reviewer: And relative paths, if possible.

Author: Thanks for the inputs, @pakoito !! Sure, it's possible for the second one.

> Take a look at [Setup in the Arrow website](https://arrow-kt.io/docs/quickstart/setup/) or [Setup file](/modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/quickstart/setup) where you'll find the instructions to configure a project with `Gradle` or `Maven` to use `Arrow` library.

Reviewer 2: use a relative link :)
```suggestion
Take a look at [Setup in the Arrow website]({{ '/docs/quickstart/setup/' | relative_url }}) or the [Setup file](/modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/quickstart/setup) where you'll find the instructions to configure a project with `Gradle` or `Maven` to use `Arrow` library.
```

Author: Thanks @i-walker! That's the main `README.md` in the repository. It's not used for the creation of the Arrow website. That's the reason why only the second link is relative (relative to the content of the repository).
Please, is is right for you?

Reviewer 2: :sweat_smile: makes sense, I didnt read the path

Author: Don't worry mate! :+1:
